The command ""C:\Program Files\Epic Games\UE_5.5\Engine\Build\BatchFiles\Build.bat" InventorySystemEditor Win64 Development -Project="C:\Users\chris\Documents\Unreal Projects\InventorySystem\InventorySystem.uproject" -WaitMutex -FromMsBuild -architecture=x64" exited with code 6.
The type name 'astcenc' only contains lower-cased ascii characters. Such names may become reserved for the language.
The type name 'coremod' only contains lower-cased ascii characters. Such names may become reserved for the language.
The type name 'heapprofd' only contains lower-cased ascii characters. Such names may become reserved for the language.
The type name 'jemalloc' only contains lower-cased ascii characters. Such names may become reserved for the language.
The type name 'libav' only contains lower-cased ascii characters. Such names may become reserved for the language.
The type name 'libcurl' only contains lower-cased ascii characters. Such names may become reserved for the language.
The type name 'libpas' only contains lower-cased ascii characters. Such names may become reserved for the language.
The type name 'libstrophe' only contains lower-cased ascii characters. Such names may become reserved for the language.
The type name 'libzip' only contains lower-cased ascii characters. Such names may become reserved for the language.
The type name 'metis' only contains lower-cased ascii characters. Such names may become reserved for the language.
The type name 'mimalloc' only contains lower-cased ascii characters. Such names may become reserved for the language.
The type name 'nanoflann' only contains lower-cased ascii characters. Such names may become reserved for the language.
The type name 'portmidi' only contains lower-cased ascii characters. Such names may become reserved for the language.
The type name 'xxhash' only contains lower-cased ascii characters. Such names may become reserved for the language.
The type name 'zlib' only contains lower-cased ascii characters. Such names may become reserved for the language.
Extra ';' before 'public'
Extra ';' before 'public'
Extra ';' before 'public'
Extra ';' before 'public'
Extra ';' before 'public'